One-step launch instructions (#2189)
OpenDevin/OpenDevin: README.md

The easiest way to run OpenDevin is inside a Docker container. It works best with the most recent version of Docker, `26.0.0`.
You must be using Linux, Mac OS, or WSL on Windows.

To start the app, navigate to the directory containing your code, and start the OpenDevin docker container with the following Terminal command:

> [!WARNING]
> When you run the following command, files in the current directory may be modified or deleted.

```bash
docker run -it \
    --pull=always \
    -e SANDBOX_USER_ID=$(id -u) \
    -e PERSIST_SANDBOX="true" \
    -e SSH_PASSWORD="make something up here" \
    -e WORKSPACE_MOUNT_PATH=$(pwd) \

>     -v $(pwd):/opt/workspace_base \

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be $(pwd)/workspace?

Author: still don't know why we start it in ./workspace instead of the current directory, but I modified it to go to ./workspace instead.

The easiest way to run OpenDevin is inside a Docker container. It works best with the most recent version of Docker, `26.0.0`.
You must be using Linux, Mac OS, or WSL on Windows.

To try OpenDevin in a docker container, run the following Terminal command:

> [!WARNING]
> When you run the following command, files in `./workspace` may be modified or deleted.

```bash
mkdir -p $(pwd)/workspace && docker run -it \
    --pull=always \
    -e SANDBOX_USER_ID=$(id -u) \
    -e PERSIST_SANDBOX="true" \
    -e SSH_PASSWORD="make something up here" \
    -e WORKSPACE_MOUNT_PATH=$(pwd)/workspace \

>     -v $(pwd)/workspace:/opt/workspace_base \

Reviewer 2: I prefer we don't repeat ourselves.

Aside, I agree the original instructions makes you have to copy & paste two commands, but the intention of putting `export ...` in a separate line is:
1) people would pay more attention to it.
2) People could put it in their shell config file.

Reviewer: FWIW a number of users are making a `run.sh` with these from the beginning.

Author: Re:1, agreed. Can probably do a one liner with an env variable export
2: i think this makes sense from an OpenDevin developer perspective, but people who would need the instructions from the readme probably won't want to edit their bashrc before they could get started with opendevin. Hell, I didn't even want to create a separate work folder.

The new user workflow I am imagining looks something like,

"I have some code i wanna work on and there's this cool tool these guys I don't know from the internet made. Better clone another copy. Oh neat there are these instructions I can copy+paste to get started with!"

Author: > I prefer we don't repeat ourselves.
> 
> Aside, I agree the original instructions makes you have to copy & paste two commands, but the intention of putting `export ...` in a separate line is:
> 
> 1. people would pay more attention to it.

agreed. How do you feel about this new edit? It:
- shows the workspace folder up front
- puts things in the same code box such that people can copy it in one go
- uses `&&` to connect things such that e.g. if the workspace folder creation fails, no other commands are run and the failure would not be obscured

> 2. People could put it in their shell config file.

I think this makes sense from an OpenDevin developer perspective, but people who would need the instructions from the readme probably won't want to edit their bashrc before they could get started with opendevin. Hell, I didn't even want to create a separate work folder.

The new user workflow I was imagining looks something like,

"I have some code i wanna work on and there's this cool tool these guys I don't know from the internet made. Better clone another copy. Oh neat there are these instructions I can copy+paste to get started with!"

Author: > FWIW a number of users are making a `run.sh` with these from the beginning.

That's kindda neat but also I prefer a blob that i can see & copy to get started. A run.sh feels more appropriate for a repo that I have to clone in order to use.

Reviewer 3: I like the latest edit :)

The easiest way to run OpenDevin is inside a Docker container. It works best with the most recent version of Docker, `26.0.0`.
You must be using Linux, Mac OS, or WSL on Windows.

> To try OpenDevin in a docker container, run the following Terminal command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To try OpenDevin in a docker container, run the following commands in your terminal:
```

> To try OpenDevin in a docker container, run the following commands in your terminal:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To start OpenDevin in a docker container, run the following commands in your terminal:
```

> [!WARNING]
> When you run the following command, files in `./workspace` may be modified or deleted.

```bash
OPENDEVIN_WORKSPACE=$(pwd)/workspace

> mkdir -p $OPENDEVIN_WORKSPACE

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
```

It will be created automatically.

docker run -it \
    --pull=always \
    -e SANDBOX_USER_ID=$(id -u) \
    -e PERSIST_SANDBOX="true" \
    -e SSH_PASSWORD="make something up here" \
    -e WORKSPACE_MOUNT_PATH=$OPENDEVIN_WORKSPACE \
    -v $OPENDEVIN_WORKSPACE:/opt/workspace_base \
    -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
    -p 3000:3000 \
    --add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway \
    ghcr.io/opendevin/opendevin:0.5
```

You'll find OpenDevin running at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with access to `./workspace`. Place your code in `./workspace` to have Devin operate on them.

> OpenDevin will have access to this workspace folder, but the rest of your system will be protected by a docker sandbox.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
OpenDevin will only have access to this workspace folder. The rest of your system will not be affected as it runs in a secured docker sandbox.
```

The easiest way to run OpenDevin is inside a Docker container. It works best with the most recent version of Docker, `26.0.0`.
You must be using Linux, Mac OS, or WSL on Windows.

To start OpenDevin in a docker container, run the following commands in your terminal:

> [!WARNING]
> When you run the following command, files in `./workspace` may be modified or deleted.

```bash
OPENDEVIN_WORKSPACE=$(pwd)/workspace
docker run -it \
    --pull=always \
    -e SANDBOX_USER_ID=$(id -u) \
    -e PERSIST_SANDBOX="true" \
    -e SSH_PASSWORD="make something up here" \
    -e WORKSPACE_MOUNT_PATH=$OPENDEVIN_WORKSPACE \
    -v $OPENDEVIN_WORKSPACE:/opt/workspace_base \
    -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
    -p 3000:3000 \
    --add-host host.docker.internal:host-gateway \
    --name opendevin-app-$(date +%Y%m%d%H%M%S) \
    ghcr.io/opendevin/opendevin:0.6
```

> You'll find OpenDevin running at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with access to `./workspace`. Place your code in `./workspace` to have Devin operate on them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You'll find OpenDevin running at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with access to `./workspace`. Place your code in `./workspace` to have OpenDevin operate on them.
```

Reviewer 3: "operate on them" is weird wording, better "operate on it."?
